hi summers hey everyone welcome to make
two today we're visiting the Sims
landing town and we're going to take a
look at the library that I have built
it's sitting right next to the community
center on the right to the left of it is
a cafe which we'll be looking at again
later
and it's also nearby the fire station on
the left and the snow park back there in
the background it says you've got six
people living here um there are six
there I think there are two librarians
but then four teenagers are in the
building so they're not necessarily
living there but let's take a look
inside it's built on a standard lot and
it's on three stories and here's the
first one so in the first one you just
walk into these double glass doors and
you kind of see this big globe which is
sort of symbolic of Education and
learning on either side you've got an
elevator and staircase and inside you've
got this big circulation desk or the
librarians to check people out bookcases
seating at tables and on couches and
also a bank of computers for people to
work and surf the Internet and then also
public restrooms women's on the right
men's on the left and as you go up to
the second floor
you've got more bookcases and on the
left is sort of a study magazine kind of
area and on the right is this children's
section of the library which is
decorated for winter right now it's got
a lot of pre-teen bookcases and also
stuff for toddlers and then over here
you've got the librarians office which
has a
computer desk which I think came with
the Scandinavian house which is one of
the pre-built houses in the game and it
costs I think about maybe 20 well I'm
not sure it cost SP but I figured that
the old-fashioned style was it matched
the library and then over here on this
bottom right hand corner is just a movie
viewing room with a big TV and seating
and if we go up to the third floor this
is the sort of Adult Education Center so
what you've got is maybe to look better
if I lit what you've got is a place for
art classes with lots of different types
of paintings on easels and sculptures
towards the back on the tables and on
and this Cupid sculpture on the floor
water cases storage for art supplies and
stuff yeah that's what I was going for
and on the right here you've got a
classroom for just sort of general adult
education with blackboard and lecture
podium then on the right is a sort of
fashion design classroom where students
can learn you know fashion design and
take videos and look at themselves in
the mirror and things like that and
you've also got vending machines in the
hallway here for breaks in classes it
makes it feel very much like Community
College yeah yeah that's actually why I
put the library near the community
center because I sort of figured this is
where residents of the town can go to
you know do these kind of evening
activities and yeah
interesting will pay for the back yeah I
figured that what sort of artsy
wallpaper I'm not actually sure what it
depicts I think it's stars and Sonic's
isn't a oh no no it's it's mushrooms
mushrooms and winds and woods and things
okay very sexy
yeah sure so that's the library in the
Sims landing town I hope you enjoyed
looking at it if you want to actually
visit the library you just have to
become friends on Facebook or Game
Center and the links for those will be
in the video description and in the
channel description and if you'd like to
tell us what you think please do so in
the comments below
feel free to like this video and
subscribe to our channel because more
tours and explanations of Sims landing
and sims pits will be coming to